fix: PD-5497 fix example request wording (#124)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Profiles.md

| overwrite |  Merge existing settings with this Profile. If there is a conflict, the Profile's setting will be used. |
| replace |  Clear all existing settings and apply settings from this Profile. |

> Example request for applying a profile to accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example request for applying a profile to account(s):
```
Could use "(s)" to mean account or accounts

Author: The request in the example has two accounts, thus `applying a profile to accounts` is correct.

Reviewer: Yes, ok, I agree that this wording is better suited to the example
